managers should be able to create the meetings and add the employees in selection like multiple employees on creation of meeting the employees should receive an email and in app chat message automatically with the link for the meeting a google link should be created with managers account

And also after creating a task and if an employee manager assigns the tasks to more employees there should be messages in the chatbox as well

Can we also have create a project along side with the create task

But creating of the project will only be done by the manager  and very in that the whole project description should be assigned with the help of AI (basically ai reads the entire requirement files and assigns the tasks to the right people with emmployees with


--- features implementing new

Machine learning models and natural language models deployed



Features directly query the meeting to the the people with ai gemini api

Developer access - only manage the organizations and their subscriptions (this should happen only with the specified url

Like Wordpress uses /admin
We can use something like /developer
To login and manage organizations and their subscriptions




--- BUGS


We should be able to search the assignees
If email is not verified ask for verification or show the button-  of email on http://127.0.0.1:5010/user/profile

Implement the read receipts single tick to send and double tick to read
Also show if the user is online near the profile icon and name while chatting and the typing status in yellow dots in realtime in chat with bubble like apple does on the iPhone

		
Fix the footer it should be down at the bottom in the chat and below urls

http://127.0.0.1:5010/chat/
And
http://127.0.0.1:5010/chat/direct/2
	


Can you integrate a free api that privides the calendar information such as holidays and other stuff to work upon



And the employees should be able to ask for the leaves from managers and managers should  be able to ask for the leaves from the admin in the chat (add an option along side to selecting images icon to ask for leave icon)


An employee should only have a specified number of leaves selected by their manager and for the manager the admin should specify the number of leaves







I can't really see the avatar in circle alongside with the list of names of people 
http://127.0.0.1:5010/chat/

--- task creation enhancement 

---

contactshubhamraut@gmail.com
q-4Td:FF#qLN





----

Forget password - link send
Machine learning

---

🔐 LOGIN CREDENTIALS:
   CEO Account:
   Email: rajesh.kumar@techvista.in
   Password: admin123

   All other employees:
   Password: password123


FlowDeck is a website that helps teams and companies work together better.
It puts all the important things—like tasks, meetings, chatting, and leave requests—in one place so people don’t have to use lots of different apps.

With FlowDeck, you can:

See all your work and meetings on one dashboard.
Chat with your team in real time, just like WhatsApp or Slack.
Create tasks and projects, and assign them to the right people.
Schedule meetings and send out links automatically.
Ask for leaves and get them approved easily.
Use your own profile picture and see others’ pictures too.
Managers and admins get extra tools to see how everyone is doing, check stats, and keep things organized. There’s even some AI to help assign tasks and make smart suggestions.

In short, FlowDeck makes teamwork simple, keeps everyone connected, and helps you get work done faster—all in one website.